Unquoted Search Path Exploitation
Since we know that antivirus
is running, we will use shellter
to inject a meterpreter payload
into a Windows binary that
will hopefully bypass McAfee.
First, we will make a directory
named poultry to work out of
and copy a legitimate
windows binary to it.
The windows binary we’ll
select is whoami.exe,
which has a lower chance of
being caught by AV
than some other binaries since it is a
well-known and legitimate utility.
With the binary copied, we will generate
a meterpreter payload to use with shellter
We will specify a Windows reverse
TCP meterpreter payload
to match our target operating system.
Our Kali system’s IP is specified
in the LHOST option,
and we select port 80
with the LPORT option.
We selected port 80 hoping to evade any
potential outbound firewall restrictions.
Next, we will encode the
binary using the -e flag
and specify 7 encoding iterations with -i.
Finally, we will output in raw format
with the -f flag and redirect
the payload to a file.
With the payload generated,
we can now launch shellter
to dynamically inject it
into the whoami binary.
When we first start shellter,
it prompts us to select
automatic or manual operation mode.
We will select “A” for automatic mode,
and then specify the target PE file.
After entering the full path of the
binary, shellter makes a backup of it.
We are now prompted to “Enable Stealth
Mode”, which we will skip in this scenario
since we don’t need the
binary to function properly
after the execution of our payload.
Next, we are prompted to select a payload.
We will be using the custom payload we
generated with msfvenom.
When prompted to “Select Payload”,
we provide the full path to
our generated payload.
Finally, shellter will ask whether or not
this payload is a reflective DLL loader,
and in this case, it is not.
The payload will then be injected
into the binary and shellter
will provide us with a
“Injection: Verified!” message.
Now that the target PE has been
successfully backdoored, we can transfer
the binary to Poultry and place
it in the correct location.
To transfer the binary, we will again use
the http server module in python.
When the http server is started,
we can navigate to it
by opening our Kali IP
in Internet Explorer.
We’ll download whoami.exe and save
it to the Downloads directory.
Next, we will rename the binary to
Current.exe and copy it to C:\Puppet.
This will ensure that Current.exe
will be executed before Windows
attempts to execute the real
binary on service startup.
Next, we need to configure a listener
with the same settings
that we used earlier to
generate the payload.
We will also instruct Metasploit to
migrate the shell into another process
to ensure that the
shell stays connected
even if Windows thinks the
service has failed to start.
To do this, we will set AutoRunScript
to migrate to a new process when
the meterpreter session starts.
With everything in place, we’ll
attempt to restart the Poultry box
and wait for our reverse shell.
After poultry restarts, we receive
a new meterpreter session.
Very nice.
In order to have a persistent backdoor,
we can run net user to reset
the password for poultryadmin.
Since the shell we will get back is
running with SYSTEM privileges,
we shouldn’t have issues
resetting the password.
With the password changed, we can
attempt to log in via remote desktop.
This time, we do not
need the /d flag
since we are logging in
as the local admin user.
After authenticating to the workstation,
we’re presented with the
poultryadmin user’s desktop.
With admin access to Poultry,
we can start looking for
access to the domain controller.